# Project Reflection
## Henry Jones
For this Assignment I was tasked with creating a web application. This application upon coming to the homepage of the website, would take a user input of their location. Then using the Mapquest api, it would turn that address into a set of coordinates. Then using the MBTA api, find the closest station to the generated coordinates . Using Flask we would then display to the user the closest MBTA station to them and if it was handicap accessible or not. I did not add any extensions to it, I spent too much time on the base project and did not have enough time to once I got all the base requirements working.

There were a couple of different things that could of gone better while doing this project. One big thing that tripped me up for a while was encoding and building of the URLs, when I first read the documentation regarding URLLIB and URLENCODE I had a very hard time understanding what exactly it did and what we needed it for. It took a lot of me reading up on the example code, watching videos and trying it out myself for me to finally get a grasp on it and get it to work. I also had to do a lot of learning about Flask, coming away from the one class where we had talked about it. I felt like I knew very litte, I knew how to get it running and return one line of text that was about it. So I learned a lot about how Flask interacted with the system and how it fundamentally worked. Coming away from it though I realized you can do a lot of very interesting things with it. It was also my first time using HTML, so although the HTML I ended up using was not overly complex, it was nice to get a baseline knowledge of how it works and how it can be implemented into my existing skillset.

I worked alone so the last part is not applicable to me.